Backend business registration (#20)
BYUCS452F2020/Small-Business-Platform: README.md

$ docker-compose run server yarn --version
```

If you want to interact with the database you can run the following command.

```bash
$ docker-compose exec db psql --help
```

> If you need to restart the DB, you can run the following

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you need to blow away the entire DB, you can run the following command. When you re-run `docker-compose up`, the DB will be re-created.
```
